Added language about pruning of the nightlies (#575)
openshift/okd: README.md

Getting Started
---------------

> To obtain the openshift installer and client, visit [/releases](https://github.com/openshift/okd/releases) for stable versions or [https://origin-release.svc.ci.openshift.org/](https://origin-release.svc.ci.openshift.org/) for nightlies. See [a list of public keys](https://okd.io/keys.html) to verify tools signature. Please note that each nightly release is pruned after 72 hours. If the nightly that you installed was pruned, the cluster will show errors for various functionality and will require extra steps to be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To obtain the openshift installer and client, visit [/releases](https://github.com/openshift/okd/releases) for stable versions or [https://origin-release.svc.ci.openshift.org/](https://origin-release.svc.ci.openshift.org/) for nightlies. See [a list of public keys](https://okd.io/keys.html) to verify tools signature. Please note that each nightly release is pruned after 72 hours. If the nightly that you installed was pruned, the cluster may be unable to pull necessary images and may show errors for various functionality (including updates).
```

Author: Works for me.
